Ottoline and the Yellow Cat
Chris Riddell
../theImages/theBookImages/ottoline/o_cat.jpg
Introducing Miss Ottoline Brown, an exceptionally inquisitive Mistress of Disguise, and her partner in crime, Mr. Munroe. No puzzle is ever too tricky for the two of them to solve . . . Ottoline lives in a stylish apartment in Big City with a small hairy creature called Mr. Munroe. Together they look after the Brown familys eclectic collections  and dabble in a spot of detective work. So they are the first to the scene of the crime when a string of high society dog nappings and jewel thefts hits Big City. Ottoline (who luckily has a diploma from the Who R U Academy of Disguise) and Mr. Munroe go undercover   and expose an ingenious scam masterminded by furry feline crook, the Yellow Cat. Ottoline and the Yellow Cat is a quirky mystery adventure from star author/illustrator, Chris Riddell. Winner of the Nestle Prize, and crammed with black and white illustrations, Ottoline and the Yellow Cat is perfectly packaged and highly collectable.


Ottoline Goes to School
Chris Riddell
../theImages/theBookImages/ottoline/o_school.jpg
Meet Ottoline and her hairy, helpful friend Mr. Munroe. Ottoline is off to the Alice B. Smith School for the Differently Gifted, but she is rather worried that she doesnt have a special gift. Mr. Munroe is more worried about the ghost who is said to haunt the school halls at night. Does Ottoline discover her hidden talent and can they expose the spook? Full of gorgeous, intricate black and white illustrations, Ottoline Goes to School is the second exciting Ottoline adventure from the award winning Chris Riddell, author of Goth Girl and the Ghost of a Mouse.


Ottoline at Sea
Chris Riddell
../theImages/theBookImages/ottoline/o_sea.jpg
Ottoline and Mr. Munroe do everything and go everywhere together. That is, until the day Mr. Munroe mysteriously disappears leaving a strange clue written in string... Armed with her Amateur Roving Collectors travel pass Ottoline sets off on a journey over, under and on top of the sea to find her hairy best friend   and bring him back home. Ottoline at Sea is the third enchanting Ottoline adventure from Kate Greenaway award winner, Chris Riddell. With his appealing illustration style, Riddells humorous details make this a book to pore over and adore   especially using the free set of novelty gadget spectacles that comes included!


Ottoline and the Purple Fox
Chris Riddell
../theImages/theBookImages/ottoline/o_purp.jpg
Ottoline is back in Ottoline and the Purple Fox, a beautifully illustrated adventure from former Childrens Laureate, Chris Riddell.
Ottoline and Mr Munroe love puzzles, clues and mysteries. One day, they meet an enigmatic purple fox, who offers to take them on a night time urban safari. The fox shows them all the hidden animals of the city and Ottoline makes notes on them in her field notebook. Mr Munroe is making notes too   on the anonymous poems he finds stuck to lampposts on their journey. Who is the secretive poet, and how can he and Ottoline help them mend their broken heart? This most recent instalment features plenty of illustrations, a steampunk aesthetic and great mystery. These books were designed originally for slightly older children to read themselves but my daughter and I devoured it over three nights.






Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
J.K. Rowling
../theImages/theBookImages/HP/hpt1.jpg
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is an A to Z listing of magical beasts; those youve heard of and some you havent; and a complete guide to their appearances, personalities, abilities, and habitats. Written by Newt Scamander, its on the required booklist for all Hogwarts students


The Tales of Beedle the Bard
J.K. Rowling
../theImages/theBookImages/HP/hpt3.jpg
The Tales of Beedle the Bard is a collection of classic Wizarding fairy tales which first emerged in the seventh and final book in the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. Never before had Muggles been privy to these richly imaginative stories, including The Wizard and the Hopping Pot, and The Tale of the Three Brothers. This beautiful edition includes an introduction, notes and illustrations by J.K. Rowling; a new translation from the ancient runes by Hermione Granger; and extensive commentary by Hogwarts Headmaster Albus Dumbledore. 


Quidditch Through the Ages
J.K. Rowling
../theImages/theBookImages/HP/hpt2.jpg
Quidditch Through the Ages is a comprehensive guide to Quidditch and the ultimate resource for anyone interested in the magical world and its most popular sport. Written by Kennilworthy Whisp, it is charmingly reproduced as if it were a facsimile of the very copy from the library of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.



Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone
J.K. Rowling
../theImages/theBookImages/HP/HP1.jpg
Harry Potter has never even heard of Hogwarts when the letters start dropping on the doormat at number four, Privet Drive. Addressed in green ink on yellowish parchment with a purple seal, they are swiftly confiscated by his grisly aunt and uncle. Then, on Harrys eleventh birthday, a great beetle eyed giant of a man called Rubeus Hagrid bursts in with some astonishing news: Harry Potter is a wizard, and he has a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. An incredible adventure is about to begin! These stunning editions, with cover illustrations by Jonny Duddle, are now available in hardback and paperback.



Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
J.K. Rowling
../theImages/theBookImages/HP/HP2.jpg
Harry Potters summer has included the worst birthday ever, doomy warnings from a house elf called Dobby, and rescue from the Dursleys by his friend Ron Weasley in a magical flying car! Back at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft And Wizardry for his second year, Harry hears strange whispers echo through empty corridors and then the attacks start. Students are found as though turned to stone ...Dobbys sinister predictions seem to be coming true. These stunning editions, with cover illustrations by Jonny Duddle, are now available in hardback and paperback. 



Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
J.K. Rowling
../theImages/theBookImages/HP/HP3.jpg
When the Knight Bus crashes through the darkness and screeches to a halt in front of him, its the start of another far from ordinary year at Hogwarts for Harry Potter. Sirius Black, escaped mass murderer and follower of Lord Voldemort, is on the run and they say he is coming after Harry. In his first ever Divination class, Professor Trelawney sees an omen of death in Harrys tea leaves ... But perhaps most terrifying of all are the Dementors patrolling the school grounds, with their soul sucking kiss ... These stunning editions, with cover illustrations by Jonny Duddle, are now available in hardback and paperback.


Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
J.K. Rowling
../theImages/theBookImages/HP/HP4.jpg
The Triwizard Tournament is to be held at Hogwarts. Only wizards who are over seventeen are allowed to enter but that doesnt stop Harry dreaming that he will win the competition. Then at Halloween, when the Goblet of Fire makes its selection, Harry is amazed to find his name is one of those that the magical cup picks out. He will face death defying tasks, dragons and Dark wizards, but with the help of his best friends, Ron and Hermione, he might just make it through alive! These stunning editions, with cover illustrations by Jonny Duddle, are now available in hardback and paperback. 



Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
J.K. Rowling
../theImages/theBookImages/HP/HP5.jpg
Dark times have come to Hogwarts. After the Dementors attack on his cousin Dudley, Harry Potter knows that Voldemort will stop at nothing to find him. There are many who deny the Dark Lords return, but Harry is not alone: a secret Order gathers at Grimmauld Place to fight against the Dark forces. Harry must allow Professor Snape to teach him how to protect himself from Voldemorts savage assaults on his mind. But they are growing stronger by the day and Harry is running out of time. These stunning editions, with cover illustrations by Jonny Duddle, are now available in hardback and paperback.


Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince
J.K. Rowling
../theImages/theBookImages/HP/HP6.jpg
When Dumbledore arrives at Privet Drive one summer night to collect Harry Potter, his wand hand is blackened and shrivelled, but he does not reveal why. Secrets and suspicion are spreading through the wizarding world, and Hogwarts itself is not safe. Harry is convinced that Malfoy bears the Dark Mark: there is a Death Eater amongst them. Harry will need powerful magic and true friends as he explores Voldemorts darkest secrets, and Dumbledore prepares him to face his destiny ... These stunning editions, with cover illustrations by Jonny Duddle, are now available in hardback and paperback. 


Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
J.K. Rowling
../theImages/theBookImages/HP/HP7.jpg
As he climbs into the sidecar of Hagrids motorbike and takes to the skies, leaving Privet Drive for the last time, Harry Potter knows that Lord Voldemort and the Death Eaters are not far behind. The protective charm that has kept Harry safe until now is broken, but he cannot keep hiding. The Dark Lord is breathing fear into everything Harry loves, and to stop him Harry will have to find and destroy the remaining Horcruxes. The final battle must begin – Harry must stand and face his enemy ... These stunning editions, with cover illustrations by Jonny Duddle, are now available in hardback and paperback. 



Magyk
ANGIE SAGE
../theImages/theBookImages/SH/Magyk.jpg
A powerful necromancer plans to seize control of all things Magykal. He has killed the Queen and locked up the Extraordinary Wizard. Now with Darke Magyk he will create a world filled with Darke creatures. But the Necromancer made one mistake. A vital detail he has overlooked means there is a boy who can stop him   the only problem is, the boy doesnt know it yet.
For the Heap family, life as they know is about to change, and the most fantastically fast paced adventure of confused identities, magyk and mayhem, begin.


Flyte
ANGIE SAGE
../theImages/theBookImages/SH/Flyte.jpg
The evil necromancer DomDaniel has been disposed of, but something Darke is stirring. A Shadow pursues ExtraOrdinary Wizard Marcia Overstrand around, following her every move, growing stronger every day. Septimus senses something sinister is afoot, but before he can act, Jenna is snatched   taken by the most unlikely kidnapper. Septimus must rescue his sister but does not, at first, realise what he will be facing. 0Flyte is brilliantly funny, and packed with even more inventive Magyk, Mayhem and adventure.


About Physik
When Silas Heap unseals a forgotten room in the Palace, he releases the ghost of a Queen who lived five hundred years earlier. Queen Etheldredda is as awful in death as she was in life, and shes still up to no good. Her diabolical plan to give herself ever lasting life requires Jennas compliance, Septimuss disappearance, and the talents of her son, Marcellus Pye, a famous Alchemist and Physician. And if Queen Etheldreddas plot involves Jenna and Septimus, then Dark adventure awaits . . . 
With heart stopping action and Magykal wit, Angie Sage continues the fantastical journey of Septimus Heap.


About Queste
Septimus faces a perilous quest to find Nicko and Snorri, who have been trapped back in time.
Everyone at the Castle is realising that Nicko and Snorris chances of coming back are slim. Septimus, aided by Alchemist Marcellus Pye, learns of a place where all time meets: the House of Foryx. But how does he get there? Jenna and Septimus find Nickos notes from the past and discover that he knows of the House of Foryx as well and has been creating a map to plot the houses hidden location. With the help of the Questing Stone and Nickos faded maps, will Septimus be able to save Nicko and Snorri?
Meanwhile, Simon Heap has taken on Merrin Meredith, former apprentice to DomDaniel, as his own apprentice, giving Merrin an opportunity he has been waiting years for. With the help of a frightening creature called a Thing, Merrin plans to reclaim the identity he used to have . . . that of Septimus Heap.


About Syren
In the fifth book of this Magykal series, Septimus and his friends find themselves on an island whose secrets are as dark and dangerous as its inhabitants.
Septimus Heap returns to the House of Foryx with Spit Fyre to pick up Jenna, Nicko, Snorri, and Beetle. But the journey home does not go well and when Septimus and his friends are caught in a storm, Spit Fyre crashes into the Rokk Lighthouse. They are rescued by the lighthouse keeper who is disturbingly sinister, and who has an equally sinister cat . . . And all the while, Septimus is trying to fight the strange pull hes feeling to the island and its mysterious secrets.


About Darke
On the shortest day of the year, as the Castle is lit with candles and everyone prepares to celebrate, Wizard Apprentice Septimus Heap marks his fourteenth birthday. He has reached a new stage in his Apprenticeship: Darke Week. Awe inspiring, terrifying, unbelievably important, Septimuss future will depend on what happens during this week. He chooses a dangerous mission to restore his good friend Alther from Banishment. But as he embarks on this trial, something Darke and terrible engulfs the Castle. Septimus and his friends are about to face their most perilous challenge yet . . .


About Fyre: Septimus Heap book 7
Septimus Heap, Wizard Apprentice, must fight the remnants of the Darke Domaine. For this, the ancient Alchemie Fyre must be re lit, a task which will test Septimus to his limits and send him on a perilous journey. Septimus will finally discover who he is   but at what cost? And who will prevail when the greatest Magyk of all is kindled?
Prepare for a spellbinding finale, as FYRE masterfully weaves together every character from this epic series.